# Craving

It has been two days since I last had some. As evening fell, I felt the gnaw again, the pull. But I could not have some yet: there were still others active and moving around the house. I had to wait till all was quiet before I could make my move. I tried to tell the voice that kept prodding me in the back of my head incessantly to wait just a bit, just a bit longer. But my pleadings were futile: it would not be deterred. I had to have some soon.

I was not always this way. It had started rather innocently, at first. I had been told, since I was young, that it was not good for me. I was told that about a lot of things. But being told that something is not good for me, something is forbidden, only seems to make me want it more. The first time I tried some, I was at my friend's house. We were playing, fooling around, having fun when he brought out some. I told him that, despite my years, I had never tried any. He pretended to be scandalized, then offered me some. The memories of what my parents had told me was strong, but... the temptation was stronger. And I yielded.

The taste of it: I can still recall it as if it was just moments ago. It thrilled me. It was nothing like I had tried before. It went down smoothly, nothing about it gave any indication of what it was going to do until it hit me like a freight train. The rush, the way it coursed through me! My muscles were energized, my mind was awake, I felt like I had just woken from sleep but I had not been sleeping. My eyes went wide, wide enough to see the world in a single stare. I was bursting at the seams, and my mind exploded: it jumped from thought to thought at a breakneck pace until all was a blur, my head and my eyes. It was a while before I came back to who I was before, and my past self felt like a shirt from years past: hard to squeeze myself into.

I sought more of it. At first, I borrowed a bit from my friends whenever they had some on them. That was enough to keep me satisfied. But as the days went on, the crumbs served only to whet my appetite for it rather than fulfill me. In order to obtain more of it, I started scrimping and saving every bit of money I had. This meant making a lot of changes in my life and they did not all go unnoticed. Before this, I used to go out with my friends to play games, to movies and just hang out. But soon, I consciously stopped participating in activities that threatened my savings. My friends noticed I was around less and less. Some enquired what was going on, but... I could not tell them. I deflected. I made excuses. I laughed it off. I did everything I could to deceive them... and maybe to deceive myself.

Then came the scare: someone, I do not know who, close enough to my parents to know their opinion of it told them they had seen me with it, near one of the stores that are more whispered about than spoken of. 'Is this how we have taught you? How we raised you? It is not good for you, can you not see that? It will rot your mind as well. We are so disappointed in you'. I heard them then, I still hear them now. I knew they only looking after my interests at heart when they said it. I understood they only wanted what the best for me. I believed them, I trusted them. But the voice that the back of my head did not. 'No' I tried to reason with it, 'Did you not hear what they said?'. 'I did' replied the voice, softly but firmly. 'But just a bit more cannot hurt will it? Just a bit more'. It was hard for me to argue against its wisdom. 'Just a bit more then. One time. Then it ends' I bargained. 'Yes, that is it' sniggered the voice.

See, I was a kid who respected my parents. I want to stop. Since I want to stop, it shows I can stop. I can stop anytime I wanted to. And I will. Just after the bit that I have stashed away. Then I will touch it no more. I was not sure who I was talking to or who I was reassuring anymore. Was it to me, or the idea of me that I had of who I wanted to be, or the idea of me of who I will be once I had stopped? I did not dwell much on it, as I was once again straining to hear any sounds that suggest people were still awake. As the evening dimmed, so did my eyes and my mind. But my ears remained sharp: it is astonishing how well one can hear when one really wanted to. I could pick out all the noises, all the creaky floor boards, the bathroom door sliding shut, the slippers coming off, the whispered rustle of covers. And then, silence.

It was finally time. I waited a couple of minutes, just to be sure. Then I stole silently to my door. I was used to its groans and creaks and temper well enough that I could convince it to not betray me. I tiptoped down the stairs and they were all cooperative, as if they understood my position. But the landing, ever the iconoclast, decided to squeak in protest. I froze and held my breath. Did anyone else hear it? I sighed in relief as it did not seem anyone had. I snuck to the refrigerator. 

You see, when one becomes besotted with something, especially something that is forbidden, one's intelligence morphs. The mind develops an ability to attain or maintain something in secrecy, a preternatural skill to secret things away. I had hidden it where no one would think of looking: behind the box of tofu that had been a fixture in the refrigerator, its presence more to symbolize responsibility and soundness than to be food. No one ever moved it or checked it out, so whatever was placed behind it was guaranteed to be safe and out of view. And that is where I had placed it. Oh how artful was I! I chuckled, appreciating myself.

I tugged one corner of the tofu box, careful not to disturb the layer of frost on it: camouflage for the hiding spot. I reached behind gently, retrieved it and returned the tofu box to how it was. I moved soundlessly to the table, to finally quiten the voice that was steadily becoming louder as I held it in my hand. I unwrapped it gingerly, minimizing any possible noise... and then froze as the lights came on, full and bright.

I had been discovered. Or rather, I had foolishly walked into the waiting trap. My mind refused to act. My hands trembled, refusing to stop acting. My teeth were telegraphing a message to myself, telling me to vanish from the spot. My feet clearly were not getting the message. I braced myself for what was surely to follow as I saw her stride into view, eyes both happy and sad that her trap had worked and caught me.

"What have we always told you" she bellowed "Candy is bad for you!"


***

Tears welled up in my eyes. At her words, but more at its loss as she discarded it.
The voice came back, leering: 'Why cry? We know where she keeps her 'candy''.
I dried my tears. It was hard for me to argue against its wisdom.
