---
layout: post
title: "Somasundaram converses with God"
order: 3
---

# Somasundaram converses with God

As a little boy Somasundaram went to Kapaali temple with his paati everyday. His paati told him 'Somasundaram, see this Nandi? when you whisper your wishes to it, he communicates it to God, so God can personally attend to it.' Somasundaram's eyes grew wide with wonder. He drew tentatively closer to the Nandi, put his lips to its ear, and dramatically whispered 'Can you please tell god I would like a chocolate today? I have been a good boy!'. And lo and behold, as he went home what did his paati produce but a whole chocolate bar! Miracles do happen. They happen almost everyday.

And that is how Somasundaram became Nandi's most reliable visitor. He would come and talk to Nandi about his exams and how hard he studied. And Nandi would relay this to God and God showed his blessings on his report cards. He would talk to Nandi about how much we wanted to join the school club, and how hard he is practicing for it. And Nandi would relay this to God and God obliged as Somasundaram became the captain of the club.

Somasundaram, now with his first eager mustache, met Nandi to talk to him about his dream of studying medicine, he worked to his maximum extent in his biology and science classes to realize his dream. Could Nandi put in a good word about his work and dedication? And a month later, Somasundaram return to Nandi thanking him for being such a reliable friend, and asked him to relay his heartfelt thanks to God.

Somasundaram's mustache grew along with his knowledge and apparently, his heart. And he wasted no time in losing his heart to the pretty, graceful, brilliant, wonderful Gopika (to hear Somasundaram go on about her, if we were to set all of his adjectives to paper, we are afraid there would neither be sufficient paper nor patience). He gently befriended her, and together they grew their interests: both in their professions and in each other. And as surely can be expected, there Somasundaram was again, next to Nandi. "Nandi sir.. How do i put this.. there is this girl in my class. Surely you know of her, for she is one of God's best creations. I am.. hopelessly , head over heels in love with her. Can you, you know.. do the needful please?' he said, bashfully. 

And Somasundaram was now a doctor, happily married to Ms. Gopika Somasundaram another doctor. (Chennai is full of such couples, it is surely true what they say about birds of a feather!) The top of the class, gold medalist Somasundaram went to Nandi to inform him of the good news of his first job in a big hospital, to relay his thanks to Nandi personally and his gratitude to God, only Ms.Gopika too now joined him on his visits. And Somasundaram came again, on the eve of his specialist exams, to ask of Nandi the usual favor. And Nandi , as surely as in all the past years, did the needful and Somasundaram was now a surgeon! 

Somasundaram let Gopika speak this time, helping the expectant mother gently as she whispered to Nandi in Somasundaram's stead 'Nandi,  please tell God how grateful we are.. and to give your and God's blessings upon our child'. Somasundaram and Gopika returned in a couple of months, with the swaddled mewling Shankar Somasundaram so he too can meet Nandi, and Nandi can grace him with his blessings.

Somasundaram visited Nandi leading young Shankar, his hand protectively enveloping Shankar's small fist. 'Nandi sir, it is Shankar's first day in school tomorrow! Please make sure he studies well and' now looking sternly at little shankar in mock strictness 'make sure he gets up to no mischief!'. Gopika giggled into her hand, hovering behind them, watching Shankar's eyes widen.

Somasundaram's visits now reduced in frequency as by degrees he grew higher in his profession, wealthier in his riches and shorter with his time. He came to Nandi the day before his first foreign lecture tour, the day before the chief surgeon chose his replacement. There were times when Somasundaram came to Nandi but did not speak, and Nandi bent an understanding ear to his sighs. Somasundaram came the day before Shankar's college admissions with Shankar in tow, only this time Somasundaram's hand could no longer enclose Shankar's, and Gopika leaned on her son who was now taller than her. And soon, chief surgeon Somasundaram's son was enrolled in a medical college, to live up to his parent's reputation and expectations.

And there came the day when Somasundaram, now with black streaking his silver hair and mustache (rather than the other way around as it used to be), came to visit Nandi, followed closely by the tall and handsome Shankar Somasundaram and the shy, new bride of the family still yet to raise her head after the wedding. "Nandi' Somasundaram intoned, his voice now gravelly with mature experience and the beginnings of wisdom 'please bless my wonderful daughter in law, so that she may have the wisdom and strength to deal with my Son'. 'Appadilam onnum illa appa' quickly came the new bride to her husband's defense , 'he will be the one taking care of me'. Somasundaram and Gopika chuckled.

As Somasundaram's steps slowed, he visited Nandi more frequently as in years now long past. He no longer asked Nandi for favors, instead he simply related all that was happening in their happy little family, always with a note of gratitude.

After a few years, Somasundaram came to visit his friend Nandi as usual, but this time he was leading by the hand a brand new visitor. Bright eyed, head cocked, his small hand firmly grasped protectively in Somasundaram's experienced and wizened hand, came Surya, Somasundaram's grandson. 'Surya' Somasundaram addressed 'This is Nandi, our family friend. At any time you feel you need a little assistance, you can come and talk to him and he will relay it to God.' Surya's eyes widened. 'Thatha' prattled Surya, looking up at Somasundaram, 'if we talk to God and ask him, will God respond to us?'

A slow smile crept across Somasundaram's face. He ruffled the thick black hair crowning his grandson's head. 'Of course he will!' Somasundaram said softly. 'How do you think you got here?'