# Tchotchke

Margaret reclined on her couch, the queen dragon amidst her own special treasure hoard. She surveyed her prizes with practiced grace. The shining bakelite phone shaped like a frog: a favourite of hers from when her friend stopped talking with her over a disagreement. The trophies lining the shelf above her television: each from a time when a raise had been yanked from under her at work. The foamy, soft, designer slippers to keep her warm: from when her husband - well now ex-husband - first left the house; things had been cold for a while before then. 

The television itself, a large, grand, state-of-the-art marvel of modern technology, that shone like the sun and bathed her in its warm glow, was from when her application to raise her alimony had been rejected. She glanced accidentally, or perhaps intentionally, at the crumpled letter and the ruffling message it carried, strewn carelessly in a corner. 'I don't need to recall that now. There are more important things to focus on!' She quickly put it out of her mind, her eyes glued to the television as the announcer strode into view, announcing with his usual flair, 'Welcome viewers to the Shopping Network! And just in time for the chance of a lifetime!'. Squealing with excitement, she fingered the remote to turn up the volume.

'It is not every day when we have something as exclusive, as elusive, as elegant as this folks!' intoned the announcer of the program, which aired 6 o' clock every day. 'Oh no, today we are host to a great privilege. We are truly honored that today's product manufacturer chose us as the EXCLUSIVE marketplace for their product!' She inched forward slightly to the edge of her seat, her eyes attentive, her lips taut, her hand stretched and ready to pounce on the frog phone at a moment's notice. 

'And here it is Folks! The Only, the Original, The Aesthetic, The Authentic, exclusively available now ONLY to our faithful viewers : The WonderPress Typewriter Classic! Look at the classical design! Something like this can only surely write.. the classics!' The presenter laughed at his own joke, joined by the audience on cue. 'Deep keys! Deeper meaning! Let your words ring LOUD and TRUE! Available right now, to you exclusively for the low, LOW price of 599.99! Don't miss this chance fol-'

She was no longer paying attention. She snatched the frog with her practiced swipe like hungry snake, and pressed 1. Within moments a mellifluous voice sounded from the frog 'Hello Madam Margeret, and welcome back to the Shopping Network! We are pleased to talk to a customer of such standing as yourself! How may we serve you today?' 'I'd like to order the WonderPress Typewriter Classic please! with express shipping!' She gasped breathlessly, what if I was too late and they were sold out! 'I hear you ma'am, they sure are great are they not! we have your card on file ma'am, shall we use it for this purchase too?' She pondered for a moment. 'No, not that one. I will read out a new one' She grasped for her purse - bought after the first time she maxed out her credit card so that it can hold two more - and read out the numbers, slowly, carefully, repeating to ensure they were not misheard. 'Thank you ma'am! Your WonderPress TypeWriter Classic is on its way! have a wonderful day ma'am, we cannot wait to hear back from you, and maybe your new typewriter!' She breathed a sigh of relief as she placed the frog back on its pad.

She paused for a moment, her eyes watching the television but not seeing the announcer who continued to prattle on - 'Look at the black on white, truly a writer's delight!' - her mind reaching out to the crumpled paper in the corner. Her hand followed her thought a moment later. She smoothed it for a second and read the message printed on it in cold black : 'Miss Margaret - We thank you for your interest in publishing your story in the Paris Magazine. We regret to inform you that, once again, we are unable to-' As if I care,' she said haughtily, the tears swiftly followed. She dismissed the pieces back to their place in the corner. 'So there' she swore defiantly under her breath.

And there she reclined, her cheek glistening. The queen dragon, amidst her own special hoard: the most expensive reminder of her life she had yet bought.

The typewriter clacked away, its voice ringing into the silence.