# Things that go...bump

She woke with a start. That in itself was not unusual. She was one of those who bore a rare curse: the bed is always a bit too cold and covers are always a bit too warm, every position she settled in was equally uncomfortable, beds were at once too hard or too soft - or too right. Sleep was always slow coming and always seemed to be on edge, eager to be elsewhere. So she was used to waking at odd hours.

However, this time, she was unsure why she woke. Not that one can ever be sure of what woke them, sleep keeps poor records. But there was an unease at the back of her mind, quietly insistent that something was not right. Her eyes darted to the alarm system, out of habit for reassurance; it winked away staidly as it always did, betraying nothing. She wondered if she should wake him up, he was still sound asleep, being the victim of no such curse as hers. She decided to wait until whatever woke her made itself known or until sleep graced her again.

She did not have to wait for long: the low, dull bump reverberated through the air again, almost too hard to hear. But it was unmistakably present, and appeared to come from below in the living room. Her breath hitched in reflex, trying its hardest to hide despite not being audible to anyone but her. Before she could decide to wake him up, the bump repeated itself insistently, accompanied by the dull ringing sound of metal on metal.

She reached out and roused him. Being shaken awake from deep sleep made him squint, perhaps from the sudden light or perhaps in annoyance, even he could not say which. But before he could complain she silenced him with a whispered shush, motioning for him to pay attention and hear. He was not sure what was to be heard as all seemed quiet. However, she continued to insist on his attentiveness.  The reason for this became clear in a short while: the bump sounded again, chased quickly by the light clang of metal on metal and light rustling sounds. 

He was now wide awake; his mind racing. He clambered out of the bed, followed closely by her. He instinctively reached inside his bedside drawer with little thought and drew it out. The cold metal flashed in the dimmed lighting of the room; but its echoing glint in her eyes was even more dangerous and sharp as she glowered at him, fuming. They had discussed and agreed 'mutually' weeks earlier that he would get rid of it. He had, as always, sought to hide rather than risk confrontation, as often was the case. 'What?' She hissed at him, her disapproval and disappointment clear. He shrugged her off, with the same dismissive wave of past years, and turned away indicating that they could discuss it later. She knew the chances of that were very slight if history and experience were worthy indicators.

He made his way to the bedroom door ensuring his footsteps were cushioned and silent; she followed in the same manner. They teased the door open, wary of its squeaks and groans - an exercise in patience and vigilance. As they stepped out, he started towards the stairs leading below. She grabbed his arm to arrest him, nudging her head down the corridor instead. Their glances argued for a few moments, and they decided to go down the corridor to ensure the safety of the children.

They navigated carefully down the hallway avoiding the creaky floorboards that threatened to betray them. They strained to hear for further sounds but heard none. The silence made them more on edge than the sounds themselves had. There was something reassuring for adults in knowledge and certainty, even if the knowledge itself is neither conducive nor constructive. They reached the door and entered the kids' bedroom. 

The boy and girl were both deep asleep: innocence shielded them from unwelcome dreams during the night as it did from unwanted thoughts during the day. They exchanged a glance and decided that the children were safer with them than left behind. They roused the children up, heavy-lidded and bleary-eyed, moving from their dreams to waking. She quickly silenced them with a finger on their lips. Protectively, the children in between, they moved silently to the stairs.

The only sound as they descended was their footsteps and echoes. When they reached the landing they noticed dull, grey smudges across the floor; the unwelcome intruders, if any, had clearly not tried to hide their presence. The darkness was lightened by variegated shadows of motley colors cast by the twinkling lights, making surreal paintings of the living room. The children's eyes glinted with delight at the rapidly rotating display of colors. There was a single ray of light piercing through it, emanating from the slightly ajar door of the fridge in the corner. Had they left it accidentally open? Was it opened by the intruder? If so why? Memories hid from the questions rushing through his head and hers; it was impossible to remember one way or another.

There was no one in sight, no movement, no sounds. They scanned the scene with their eyes, habituated to seeking danger and accustomed to seeing disorder. They could not see or notice anything out of place or unusual. The children were wide awake by now, and looked around the room with wide eyed wonder. Their eyes sparkled as soon as they noticed, with ease, the singular change that had manifested itself in the room. They both, in unison, cast off the restraining hands and surged forward.



'Santa's been here!' their joyful squeals shattering the silence as they raced towards the bright red packages glittering beneath the festive tree, as the adults lowered their weary weights, if for a moment.